what's up roses right again all right
last latin yesterday remember we had kip
play drums for the interview number one
interview number two Scott wrote me a
letter his name is on Gerald I think
whatever feel like wrote me a letter and
like I'd like teardrops on his driver's
all wet and like you're at a poetry
thing oh no but well he's going to come
into play so Gerald fight
what's up
alright so music you blend there Roger
you know some pretty hardcore stuff for
core yeah like death cab for cutie I'm
pretty hardcore and you get up kids you
know they're really that's hardcore all
right well stool sample of that or river
start us off
cool
totally awesome I think what did you do
indie rock all right well that's cool
all right well you know though something
so messing that's much better there you
go y'all ready to go Brooke well
actually one more thing I was thinking
that uh you know give me like acoustic
guitars I can try why can't I have them
with me but I can I can just play like
this take it away all right
you crying
keep your crying you can go if you want
to bro I'll call you back later
right that was a geral never you know
suck so bad but just like send us or
call us or take the pole or whatever
it's like if you want to go forever if
you waste your time but go see you